Tim Connors:
	Pop plus me (615-679-6015) and Wendy (650-302-6665) will be great.  I can test today
	Landing page where I put in cell and confirm code

Lance Massey:
	And I won’t be able to get SMS going until there’s an official company. Twilio are a real pain about messaging…

Tim Connors:
	Then Pop iMessages me
	I can share Wendy cell and Pop creates a group text me, him, Wendy
	She or I text in what we need from grocery store, pop converts it to a list and shares the link
	Pop looks up swaps, etc from groflo so it has our list and swap/coupon/savings ideas under each

Lance Massey:
	Oh - that was one of the questions. Is the GroFlo mcp server available and mature?

Tim Connors:
	Use wattdata to look up every brand manager other than P&G etc for each item/category on my list and email them “I have a shopper buying A1 Sauce, do you want to offer them a coupon to try your Heinz 57 Sauce instead? (Link)
	At P&G etc
	So one shopper triggers brands to load groflo coupons/bogos/etc
	And brands can copy link and share with their full lists as if they cause them to join Pop, they get first sponsored slot on the list each week
	popsavings.com is avail for $1300 if you want me to grab it
	Create an avatar for Pop that looks like your friendly dad from the 60s

Lance Massey:
	Ooo - tough one…. If it’s integrated into buy-anything then we don’t need it. But if it’s standalone, that’s a nice domain
	My dad looked like a crazed hillbilly in the 60’s…

Tim Connors:
	I grabbed it
	I like it a lot
	Go daddy login hasn’t;t changed
	We’ll blow Andy away when he wakes up and it is live
	And it already iterated the my 20-40 bugcollection inputs so it sings


    /Users/logictester/Library/Messages/Attachments/b9/09/F3F4B6A1-834B-4DAA-AB84-430B16942BFC/IMG_1886.png


    Several Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers are designed to look up, search, and manage grocery items, allowing AI assistants (like Claude) to interface directly with supermarket catalogs and nutritional databases. 
Here are the primary MCP servers for grocery lookup and management:

1. Retailer-Specific Search & Shopping
These servers allow AI to search for products, check prices, and manage carts at specific supermarkets: 
    •    Kroger-MCP (Pantry Agent): A comprehensive server for searching Kroger product catalogs by name, brand, or description. It provides detailed information, including real-time price, stock availability, and nutritional info, as well as store locator functionality.
    •    HEB Grocery MCP: An open-source server (texas-grocery-mcp) designed for HEB, allowing users to search products, check real-time prices, and add items to a cart via conversation.
    •    Rami Levy MCP: A server that enables searching for products in the Rami Levy online catalog, returning item names, prices, images, and IDs.
    •    Rohlik Group MCP: Supports searching for products across various European platforms, including Rohlik.cz, Knuspr.de, and others.
    •    Groceries MCP (o-b-one): A general-purpose server designed to connect AI with various supermarket suppliers, providing search capabilities and cart management. 

----> https://playbooks.com/ <---- TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS!!!


The Kroger one is prob all we need, but grab what you can